The Joe Rogan experience. I've been reading about this.
I've been watching and reading this woman, Esther Hicks. Oh yeah. Okay. This,
that lady, that channels. But, um,
putting that aside to not, um, preconditioned anyone,
her,
her discussions on manifestation and her
explanation of that, that the physical body that you have,
thoughts and thoughts are bigger than your body is simply a bag that holds your
protects your thoughts so they can occur. Yeah.
And that when you think something, you, you begin to bring it into idea,
which is on the process to bring it into the world.
And so when you say I can't, um,
certainly cannot. Right. And,
and that it's okay when coming from a position of I can
and it's already happened and I'm just meeting up with what's already occurred.
Yeah. That there's something beautiful there, especially when it's not, um,
really being wrapped in a selfish thing,
but manifesting happiness and things you love and that,
that attracts other that's what's contagious, you know?
And, um, so I wonder when I see a photo like that, about the connection of her,
her point point being is that she's like all day long,
you're thinking thoughts and acting on them because that mind and body are one
they're executing the same process together, you know,
dependently and like that is the embodiment of thought and
body and action together.
And being ultimately in that vortex of being aware
that.
Esther Hicks lady is very strange.
I'm very torn on that because I listened to the actual words and the things that
she says when she's channeling that, what is it like Abraham? Is he like a,
a dead guy or an alien? What does he, I forget what he is. I see.
I just channels an alien. Right. But I think.
There's multiple people. Yeah. But see, the thing is, is I've,
I've kind of like was listening stumbled on that while I was driving and,
and investigating or reconnecting with the law,
like the law of attraction and, and how to, like, it's like,
when you get your motorcycle lesson,
they tell you to look through the turn because you,
you tend to go where you're looking, you know,
not a lot of people are walking backwards and talking to you as they go forward.
Of course. And, and so, uh, that it sort of Dawn on me,
the connection between just looking for something you love and not bonding or
focusing on all the you don't like as a, as a manner of, um,
walking towards what, what you desire, you know, and,
and this kind of a reawakening with that concept
is very, it's just mere w you know, three, four weeks old for me, really, um,
well, returning to that idea, because I had this idea of this,
this concept before of like, um, someone's got to make it,
why shouldn't it be? Why it's,
why couldn't it be you let's let's let's, uh,
let's go for it and really go for it.
The only way to make it as to really honestly go, let's say, you're.
Talking about like your band before you guys made it. No.
I'm talking about a way of acting regarding anything. Okay.
I love music and, and music has always been my way of,
of, um,
being the utmost honest I can be. Um,
and I think because of that, it's, that's,
what's helped gravitate people that have stayed so long in that. However,
also I've realized that I put so much of who I really am and
total into the music, that there are times that I should have done that and,
and relationships with friends or, or people it's like, and family, and,
and that it's really, it's important to do that in life, to,
you know,
to be engaged and also show your real self that kind of
where the vulnerability of all that is really powerful instead of weakness,
it's the opposite of weakness, you know? And, and so I think,
I think pursuing music that way is great,
but not if it's keeping you from doing that in life.
And so it's not just that I would think that way.
So my band would do well it's that I would think that way so that I could,
I could do well, I could be well, you know? Right. And, uh, um,
and so that's why I started listening to her and not seeing any of the opening
gambit of, of her transforming into, um,
Abraham, Abraham, and not caring and not understanding what that means,
just going, like, I'm just listening to what you're saying while I'm driving.
Right. And I'm hearing that, and the way she's speaks, uh,
regarding those things is really fascinating. I,
I choose to detach myself from judgment. Yeah. Because,
cause I know one thing, nothing, well, it's, it's, it's.
It's weird because she's saying very wise things.
But it'd be a shame to get the just cause I don't, uh, that's not the rapper.
I would pick that. I don't like the candy inside. Right? Yeah.
The channeling part of it. Well, yeah, so it's not, oh you mean,
it's not exactly how I would do it. Well, this though.
Well, it's not just that it's like, you're listening to wisdom,
but are you listening to wisdom from someone who's made up a fairytale?
That's where it gets confusing as well. She's channeling. Well,
but she channeling.
I also think that to be able to learn something, this, this, again,
this awakening in me is so new. Um,
like it's in all honesty, it's, it's like a month and a half old,
but it feels really good what happened. Uh, it's just that, um, you know,
um, I think, yeah,
that engagement in life, you know, um, and also, you know,
feeling a bit lost and not knowing how to ask for
how to ask for help sometimes, you know what I mean? And,
and not really knowing something exists at all, you have feelings, uh,
that's a little too vague, but my point being that like, um,
all of a sudden engaging in something, engaging in something that you're,
that you really love not focusing on the negative part of it,
but really chasing after that thing, that, which makes you feel good. So you've.
Changed your perspective the way you focus on it. Absolutely.
And in fact, uh, an in fact that I realized like, um, what sort of, uh,
you know, it's fine, it's fine to be afraid of, you know? Yeah.
It's fine. It's not fine to go like, Nope, that's not, uh, not,
that's not over there. Right, right. To deny it. Yeah. Uh,
how can you get stronger unless you've turned them really, really look into it,
you know? Right. You don't want to be paralyzed.
By fear, but there's nothing wrong with being aware that something scares you.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I really, um, nine times out of 10,
you didn't need to be afraid of it. And that one time you do, you know,
it's true and you know what it is. Right. And, and that seems like a successful.
And in dealing with that too, you get the chance to say, um,
I can do this.
Is that lady still alive? Is Esther hook still alive? I have no idea.
Maybe how you get her in go wonky.
I think,
I think it would be interesting because you'd have to separate the things that
don't fit. Right. Right.
Well, one is the husband has to be there with everything to Jerry. He.
Died as I listened, see,
without having no preconceived notion and just hearing this as I drive though,
when the next YouTube things started to play and I was like, who is this?
Who is Abraham? There's no, there was no context for me.
I was just listening to the words. And I was like, wow, that's great. Yeah.
You know, this is great. And, um, and kept listening.
I was driving to the desert and doing all this other stuff.
And yeah. You know, what's interesting about it. It's remarkably consistent.
Like it, she doesn't say anything that's really foolish.
And she never changes her tune right. About look. Um,
and I, and I started to dig that she was saying,
we cause until I understood that she was like channeling something.
I thought it was just a really beautiful way of saying we,
what we want to tell you is like, as if you were already there. Right. And,
and really what she was talking about is already being there anyways.
Like you will have an idea, you will form a habit of one type or another,
which one would you like it to be? And, um, and know this,
if all you can focus is on what sucks, but as yet to be,
just wait a sec, it's common. And what, where conversely,
if you were like,
I ain't going to worry about because I lack as much time without it as possible.
Let's focus on something I do. Like until she gets here,
that you naturally look through the turn.
And as long as you're not trying to turn into a wall or a cavalcade of. Right.
But if you're trying to turn into something you love,
you actually will turn into something you love case.
You should probably embrace challenges. Right.
And you should probably welcome them because when they happen,
they will test you and then you can figure out whether or not this philosophy is
actually, well.
I mean, I have been, I have been, I have been testing because, you know,
I I've always like dealt with difficulty by
shielding it,
putting it into the music or putting it into some dark closet somewhere.
You know what I mean? Right. Cause that's just, you're taught to do that. Right?
Like, like Nash your teeth and, and grin and bear it,
ignore it, ignore it. Yeah.
Like that's what the rug is for sweeping stuff under, right. Where you're like,
oh really? And,
but that's feels like building a dam or something to when really you're
supposed to let that river of, of fear or whatever, go with it,
go downstream with it. Stop fighting it. Cause he all that up.
Put it in the corner, bury it behind.
And really one day it just like gives you a massive bath of you're.
That breaks. The whole law.
Of attraction thing is very strange to me because I feel like everybody's trying
to describe something that there's some element of truth to,
but that it's really complicated and it's not as simple as think it and
manifest it. There's a lot of discipline involved in that.
There's a lot of hard work and concentration and thought and doubts and
hopes and dreams. And there's a lot of other things. And then also fortune,
well, I feel.
Like when those, when I could never drink,
I would never use that for fortune. For me, the fortune would be like,
um, that your relationships and emotional connections get deeper.
Yeah. I don't mean fortune. I mean being fortunate. Yeah. I mean being lucky,
like we're, we're lucky we're here.
While we're we're here, but it's not really lucky.
And I think that's one of the main things,
right there is understanding the difference in thought,
because ultimately what you're saying,
what one is that hard work that you're talking about and all those things are,
are sort of getting out of your own way and unlearning how to say,
how to be so doubtful about it all. And just say, I'll take,
I'll take something I like.
And I'll just think about that for Beth and let that be the first step
and then go, what do I keep going down that river downstream of that idea,
getting closer and closer to something you really love because saying,
you know, saying, I don't like this water bottle sucks,
but, but saying, um, but at least I don't have to drink.
It is one step away from that.
And if you just keep taking those steps away and going down that river,
that's the right direction to be going. Because focusing on this, it's like,
how's that going to help you? God, it's got this blue binding and stuff. Well,
it's certainly not going.
To help you to, to think about how fortunate you are. Yeah. Is it,
I mean, I guess it kinda is.
It's blocking you. Well, it's blocking you from feeling fortunate,
but saying at least I don't have to drink them every day is turning the right
direction and heading towards how fortunate you are.
And if you keep taking those little direct, that those steps,
then soon you get to, like, I feel fortunate to be here. I feel fortunate.
I don't have to think about this bottle of water all the time.
That's quite nice.
When you and gratitude also it clears your mind. You do have,
if you're thinking about positive things and working towards those things,
it clears your mind, uh, of a lot of the, just the,
the natural traps that we set for you.
Yeah. Dumb, nuts, baggage.
Those hurdles we make are tailor made because they're made by you for you
not work.
Yeah. The highlight, your actual, real insecurities and fears that, you know,
you have for them.
Absolutely. And, and you go, this is short to trap Selman,
cause look up and then you're in it because you made it for you. It's like,
yeah, to me, it's trapped me. And uh,
and I think what I like about what I heard her saying is that because it came
from no context whatsoever and I just heard the words, it said,
can you get out of your own way? Yeah.
That's what I'm would like you to think about first?
What is that? There's an ancient tale, a tale of two wolves,
meaning how to live your life. Um, that like, yeah,
one Wolf is filled with fear and how does that go?
My mother just gave, just gave it to my kids real there.
How's it go? Um, uh, paraphrasing, you know, she bought this frame thing,
like, you know, um, there are two wolves and uh,
one is anger and one is like love and, uh, and, and,
um, they both exist, but ultimately it's like, which one are you going to feed?
Yeah. It's, it's really the, I, I think I'm correct in saying that.
But yeah, you paraphrasing, but it's something that's like, that's the one,
the one that survives and succeeds is the one you feed.
I think the younger, um, you know, native American says, well,
how do I, how do I know which one, how do I not let one take over? It's like,
well, which one are you gonna feed ultimately, right. Yeah. Yeah.
Well,
the more you concentrate on positive things and the less you concentrate on
negative things, for sure. You're freeing your mind up. And you're, you,
you gain the momentum of positive thought and the momentum of,
of living your life with positive thought, it becomes easier.
Right. In the reward, I think. But I think it's also necessary to say,
I'm not talking about walking around in collapsed, elect going. Ha.
It's just a, um, like smile,
smile. Yeah. You know what I mean?
The nice and inaction you're talking about this. You're not talking about this.
Like in some sort a random, well.
It starts with a thought it works into an idea and then manifest itself into
like a smile or just, it's nice to,
to do something nice.
And also understand that I'm not talking about walking around, like, hi. Yeah.
You know, like I'm not talking about being some goof, dumb, nuts.
That's what I'm saying is, um, do something,
do something nice and start that way and leave it at that.
And I think there's something too, when you're,
when your thoughts are filled with this, there's just frankly,
less room for me to think about this water, which I disliked. Right.
There's just frankly is less real estate, right.
Because that's when your real estate and positive things and because of the
contagion of enjoying it of cause things that are positive are essentially what
things I like. Yeah. I'm enjoying being here. So this water doesn't really,
I don't have real estate for that. I've got too much, uh,
enjoyment and to be here, you know, and, uh,
and, uh, that'll do.
Now this Esther Hicks thing, how did you get into this.
Completely by accident or not meaning, meaning,
um, you know, I, uh.
The just sometimes.
Things just slammed down on the table and say, you gotta be engaged.
This is the moment to do, do it or not. Right.
And nothing incites a change like that.
That's sort of a gift actually. It's saying, it's struggle now,
but if you struggle through this, it's going to get better. You know? And,
and I love I,
and I'm actually really thankful and appreciative of that sort of moment.
I don't mind the risk of all that. That's what it's all about.
How'd you stumble upon it though. I just was like looking for like
looking for through the law of attraction and, and,
and finding a way to change my thoughts to two things I loved.
And I listened to a couple of was driving and it just clicked onto hers.
It autoplayed, and there it was. And as I said,
without any sort of judgment,
and I'm the last person that's kind of a joiner or would be accused of being
hippy dippy fees or whatever, like kind of like
someone who's scared with keynote. I me, so it just made sense to me,
almost the calculus of it all. It's a complex problem,
but get out of your own way, keep it simple, listen. But she.
Goes further than that. Right? She, she actually talks about your,
your thoughts manifesting reality. And she talks about how,
what you're doing with your thoughts and the way you think,
and the way you sort of interface with reality is you're creating
reality with your mind.
Right. Um, right. And, and I'm choosing,
um, how I want to take that and have that mean something to me.
So finding an application for that in.
Your life, and also I'm, um, within the,
within the spectrum of all the things she's talking about,
I simply am looking for ways to, um,
in my immediate life with the people that are close to me,
how to be more engaged and how to be more engaging myself.
Um, uh, because, um, I, as I said,
I've had a lot of troubled times in the last few years because of just feeling
lost and not knowing how to deal with that.
And yet you always put that in your music. Um,
but maybe I should be putting it into more than just that too.
It doesn't negate wanting to your music to be truth. Right.
That's what it's for.
But also it should be inspiring to do point that in other directions,
too, you bringing.
This to the band, like if you said, Hey guys, listen, this channel here, lady.
No, no, no, because I mean, I'm surprised I'm sort of revealing it here.
I'd say it's, um, because I'm not a disciple of anything.
I don't think there's anything wrong with it, honestly, because I mean,
I've listened to it too.
I've let a buddy of mine was really into it and he turned me onto it and I
listened to him. I said, okay, there's a lot of wacky going on here.
There's like, I think she's channeling a thousand year old person,
something like that, Carrie, but whatever Abraham, right. Isn't that like,
I think she's supposedly channeling some ancient person,
but forget all that, the words she's saying resonate.
And they're also sort of like consistent across the state. And as I said before,
I'm, I'm mining in a specific vein of like, okay,
the people I care about most, how do we,
how do we all grow right at each other? And, and how do we do that?
Right? Because that is the goal, the goal isn't to, to be like.
And it's also whether it's wacky or not looking,
there's a lot of wacky in religion,
but obviously a lot of people find some great meaning in it. You can this,
I don't know how much the world is weird and complicated. Yeah, absolutely.
You can get real wisdom from. That sounds like nonsense. Well.
Uh, if you reserve the right to be surprised by life, if you really, if you, um,
to have an open mind, you certainly have to unlock the door and open that.
That's a.
Great way of looking at it, reserve the right to be surprised by life. That.
Is my goal in general in life. And also now it's my,
it's my mission,
because it's a bit like when I said like mess around
with, you know, illegals, like the legal sub things that like that you,
oh, I suppose those are in there too. Yeah. What'd you mean though? I meant,
I meant that wrapped and other stuff, so I didn't have to just say that. Oh.
But then I think I just gave that away. Okay. Now, um, those things,
those things are sort of like,
I tried all that for too long and that didn't really go anywhere.
So what else is there, what else is going on?
Right. So you tried drugs and then you're like, well,
there's gotta be something else that's gonna fill this void or give me some
peace or.
Oh, yeah. Or like, um, I certainly can't stand here.
You're either growing or dying. Right. And since I'm less interested in dying,
I'm like, what else, what else do we got? I mean, I think for awhile it was,
uh, you know, my next thing is, is.
Um.
Well, it doesn't matter. I think what's important is when you said,
are you bringing this to the guys in the band? I was just about to say yes,
until you said, are you telling her about this lady? Because to me,
your breeze, lesson lessons that you learned, I'm like, oh my God,
because I think I've always looked at music this way,
where it's like locks there have these concentric circles.
And at one point they all line up and you can see through the door to the other
side. And once you've seen it, you can't unsee that if,
if I have a song and we have to those concentric circles
lineup, it almost feels painful or criminal not to go to the other side when,
you know, it gets so much better there. And, and, uh,
I feel like what I've been kind of learning is I also should apply the
same understanding to the people I care about. You know, like, um,
if there's a way for us to have something more meaningful,
that's all that being meaningful is like,
money is green paper. You know, these are like, it's fun to have collect things,
but who cares? It's the, it's the relationships you have. And you know,
when you have kids and stuff, it's like having enjoying that,
even when it's rough, that's w that's the thing to get good at it.
You know what I mean? Uh, you'll have plenty of time to dial alone as you were,
you know, later, you know what I mean? And, uh, so I feel like,
um, that's what I'm kind of getting from that, from what she's saying.
And so it's, that works just fine. Yeah. Well, if it works, if it works,
use it, right. It's not, it's not exclusively that either, you know,
it's just like, uh, it's a tool. Yeah.
It's one of the tools that I would use in every situation is situational.
And so I feel like what's great is to have a bunch of tools and not pretend to
know.